"http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/strict.dtd">
122 - The One With The Ick Factor
122 - The One With the Ick Factor
Credits
Written by: Alexa Junge
Transcribed by: Mikael Hedberg Mikael Hedberglt;Ericaasen1@aol.com Mikael Hedberggt;
(Scene: Central Perk. Everyone is there.)
Monica: Tell him.
Rachel: No.
Phoebe: Tell him, tell him.
Monica: Just…please tell him.
Rachel: Shut up!
Chandler: Tell me what?
Monica: Look at you, you won’t even look at him.
Chandler: (sarcastically) Oh, come on tell me. I could use another reason why women won’t look at me.
Rachel: All right, all right, all right. Last night, I had a dream that, uh, you and I, were…
Phoebe: Doing it on this table. (points at the table)
Chandler: Wow!
Joey: Exellent dream score.
Ross: Why, why, why would you dream that?
Chandler: More importantly, was I any good?
Rachel: Well, you were pretty damn good.
Chandler: Interesting, cause in my dreams, I’m allways surprisingly inadequate. (Monica pats him on his lap)
Rachel: Well, last night you seemed to know your way around the table.
Ross: I love it, when we share.
(Ross goes over to the counter. Chandler follows him.)
Chandler: You’re okay there?
Ross: I can’t belive you two had sex in her dream.
Chandler: I’m sorry, it was a one-time-thing. I was very drunk and i was somebody else’s subconscious.
Opening Credits
Scene: Central Perk, continued from earlier, Chandler is sitting on the table.
Chandler: Hello Rachel.
Rachel: Get off.
Phoebe: (points at Joey’s pen) Uh, uh, gimme. Can you see me operating a drill press?
Joey: I don’t know. What are you wearing?
(Chandler, Monica and Phoebe looks at him)
Ross: Pheebs, why would you want to operate a drill press?
Phoebe: Just for some short-term-work. You know, until I get back some of my massage clients.
Chandler: Pirates again?
Phoebe: No, nothing like that. I was just…such a dummie. I taught this “massage-yourself-at-home-workshop.” And they are.
Joey: Hey, hey, Chan. She could work for you.
Chandler: (sarcasticly) Thanks Joey, that’s a good idea.
Phoebe: What… I could, I could do it. What is it?
Chandler: Well, my secretary is gonna be out for a couple of weeks. She is having one of her boobs redused. (Ross looks at her.) It’s a whole big boob story.
Phoebe: I could be a secretary.
Chandler: Well, you know Phoebs. I don’t know if it’s your kinda thing, because it involves a lot of being normal. For a large portion of the day.
Phoebe: I could do that.
(Ross’s beeper goes off)
Rachel: What are you playing with?
Ross: Oh, it’s my new beeper.
Joey: What the hell does a paleontologist need a beeper for?
Monica: Is it like for dinosaur emergencies. ‘Help, come quick, they’re still extinct.’
Ross: No, it’s for when Carol goes into labor. She can get me wherever I am. I mean, all she has to do is to dial 55-JIMBO.
Chandler: A cool phone number, and a possible name for the kid.
Monica: All right, I’ll see you guys later. (raises)
Rachel: Off to see young Ethan?
Monica: Thank you.
Joey: How young is young Ethan? Young?
Monica: He’s… our age.
Chandler: When we were?
Monica: Okay, he’s a senior in college.
Ross: College?
Chandler: Whoa! And this manchild has no problem with how old you are?
Monica: No, of course not. It’s not even an issue. Cause I told him I was 22.
All: What?
Monica: Oh, I can’t pass for 22?
Phoebe: Well, maybe 25-26.
Monica: I am 26.
Phoebe: There you go.
Scene: Chandler’s office, he and Phoebe are there when the phone starts ringing.
Chandler: Can you hear that?
Phoebe: (plays with a thumbtack remover) Yeah?
Chandler: See that’ll stop when you pick up the phone.
Phoebe: Oh. Uh, I’m on. (picks up the phone)
Phoebe: (with a deep voice) Mr. Bing’s office. (Listens) No I’m sorry, he’s in a meeting right now.
Chandler: I’m not in a meeting. I’m right… Whoops.
Phoebe: Will he know what this is in reference to? (Listens) And he has your number? (Listens) All right, I’ll see that he gets the message. Bye bye.
Chandler: What?
Phoebe: Ross says hi.
Chandler: Ah!
Phoebe: This is so fun. All right, what do we do now?
Chandler: Well, now, I actually have to get to work.
Phoebe: Most likely. (raises and goes toward the door) Okay, I’m gonna be out there.
Chandler: Okay.
Phoebe: All right. Bye bye.
Chandler: Bye bye.
(The intercom buzzes)
Chandler: (answering it) Yes?
Phoebe: Whatcha doin’?
Chandler: Ooh. (leans against the desk)
Scene: Monica and Rachel’s, Monica and Rachel are there. Monica is just finishing cleaning the windows.
Monica: Windows are clean, candels are lit. Uh, belt’s to tight, gotta change the belt. Did I turn the fish? (goes over to the kitchen to check on the dinner) No, cause I made lasagne. (to Rachel) Am I out of control?
Rachel: Just a touch. Mon, I don’t understand. I mean, you’ve been dating this guy since like, what… his midterms? I mean, why all the sudden are you so… Oh.
Monica:<
