"http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/strict.dtd">
318 - The One With The Hypnosis Tape
318 - The One With The Hypnosis Tape
Credits
Written by: Seth Kurland
Transcribed by: Eric B Aasen Eric B Aasenlt;Ericaasen1@aol.com Eric B Aasengt;
Scene: Central Perk, all but Chandler are there, Joey laughs for no apparent reason.
Monica: (to Joey) What’s so funny?
Joey: Oh, nothing, no. It’s an acting exercise, I’m practising my fake laugh.
Monica: Oh. (she laughs)
Joey: What-what’s so funny?
(Chandler enters with a cigarette.)
Gunther: (to Chandler) Oh, no-no, no-no-no, there’s none of that in here.
Chandler: Oh come on man! At least let me finish this last one.
Gunther: Okay, but only if you give me a drag.
Chandler: Okay.
(Chandler hands him the cigarette, and he takes a long drag.)
Gunther: Oh dark mother, once again I suckle at your smokey tit. (hands Chandler back the cigarette.)
Chandler: No-no, why don’t you hang on to that one.
(He goes and sits down next to Rachel and puts a cigarette in his mouth, which Rachel takes away from him. He puts another cigarette in his mouth, and Rachel takes it away again.)
Chandler: Okay, that’s like the least fun game ever.
Rachel: Well, I’m really sick of your smoking, so I brought something that is going to help you quit. (hands him an audio cassette)
Chandler: Oh. (takes the cassette and puts it on his arm like the stop smoking patch, and it falls off.) Nope, that patch is no good. (Joey and Monica both do their fake laughs.)
Rachel: Come on, it’s a hypnosis tape. This woman at work used it for two weeks straight and she hasn’t smoked since.
Ross: Pffhah.
Rachel: (to Ross) What’s your problem?
Ross: Nothing, it’s just that hypnosis is beyond crap.
Rachel: Ross, I watched you get hypnotised in Atlantic City.
Ross: Hey, that guy did not hypnotise me! Okay.
Rachel: Oh right, ‘cause you always pull your pants down at the count of three and play Wipe-out on your butt cheeks.
Phoebe: All right, y’know forget hypnosis. The way to quit smoking is you have to dance naked in a field of heather, and then bath in the sweat of six healthy young men.
Chandler: Or what my Father called Thursday night.
Opening Credits
Scene: Central Perk, continued from earlier, Ross is handing Rachel a cup of coffee.
Ross: Here you go.
Rachel: Oh, y’know what, I didn’t want cinnamon on this.
Ross: Sorry. (To remedy that, Ross scoops the cinnamon off of the top with his hand.)
Frank: (entering) Hi!
Phoebe: Oh my God!!
Frank: Hi!
Phoebe: Frank! Hi!
Frank: How are you?
Phoebe: What are you doing here?
Frank: Oh, well y’know, I would’ve called but I lost your phone number and then ah, my Mom locked me out of the house so I couldn’t find it. And then, I tried to find a pay phone, and ah, the receiver was cut off. So…
Phoebe: What happened?
Frank: Ah, oh, the ah, vandalism.
Phoebe: But, also, what happened between you and your Mom?
Frank: Well, we got into a fight ‘cause ah, she said I was to immature to get married.
Phoebe: Your getting married?!
Frank: Oh, yeah!
All: Wow!
Phoebe: My little brother’s getting married!!
Frank: Oh, I knew you’d be so cool about this. All right, ah, hey, do you want to meet her?
Phoebe: Do I?
Frank: Do you?
Phoebe: Yeah, I do, yeah.
Frank: Okay, cool, all right, she just ah, parking the truck. (to Joey) I’m gonna, I’m gonna get my ah, m
